Everybody.
Give me this moment your happiest scream
Are you happy?
Happy Doudou I want to play the carousel
But merry-go-rounds are a hit.
There must be a lot of people in line
Do you have to be prepared to queue up?
How long will it take?
That's at least an hour
Let's go. What a long queue!
I guess I'm not going to go then.
Sore legs standing
This is your first time bringing Doudou to the playground
Maybe God will bless us
Maybe there aren't that many people in line.
Daddy is right
Go play the carousel
Hahaha, brother brick moving, this is feudal superstition.
There were so many people on the merry-go-round
Duoduo will be unhappy to see it.
How could I possibly
Will it make our son unhappy?
Come on.
What are you doing?
Hey, you take advantage of me
What relatives? Look at this. Ouch.
Who is this guy?
Money is sent, money is sent.